# 2024-12-27

## Notes

### Work Notes
I want to investigate if I can build a custom colour palette for Viridis. That way I can use something for DECC that is consistent with their branding.
I can do it. I think that I will build the code in here so I can keep it together for other purposes. At some point, I need to look at building my own colour palettes for other projects. I think that could be a good selling point later on down the line.

I've created a nice ridge plot for my report template. I was surprised by the outcome.
### Personal Notes

I believe that I would be a good candidate as an adjunct professor of Data Science because of my combination of knowledge in forecasting and evaluating forecasts combined with my unique focus on public safety, specifically the realm of 911 centers. There are not many practicing data scientists who have experience in this area and fewer that have a Ph.D. in the field. I would like to teach, were I to design my own courses, quantitative analysis, time-series analysis and forecasting, and data science in the public sector.
I have found 3 job postings in the VCCS system that I could apply for. Mainly IT instructors, but that's a starting point. I can finish those over the weekend, since I wouldn't likely ever start until the next school year.
Matt gave me permission to use him as a reference with W&M and he's given me some encouragement to apply to be more than an adjunct professor. I'm going to do that.
### Card of the Day

### To Do List
- [ ] Continue work on the report template
- [ ] Work on the cover letter for W&M and UVA
- [ ] Hang out laundry both upstairs and outside.
- [X] Email Matt about possibly using him as a reference.
