# 2024-12-31

## General Notes

Went to breakfast with some of my fellow Toastmasters and had a wonderful time. We had a lot of good conversations and I realized that I have a lot of friends in the area now.

### Work Notes

I heard from Destiny today. She needed me to reset her password, so the compliments came fast. She's using my name in places again. I get more than a bit concerned about that. I know that Mary does that with VDEM, so I don't want to see it done elsewhere. I haven't heard anything that would imply that Destiny is trying to act as a gatekeeper for me, but I also am curious why, when she has several accomplishments to her credit, she would need to spread my name all over the place. She's also indicated that she wants to attend all of my different presentations at SBP. I get the feeling that she's going to want more of my time after hours at some point.

### Personal Notes

Had a longer FB messenger conversation with Annie today. That was nice. We haven't spoken in quite some time, but it's good to hear from her again.

### Card of the Day

**King of Wands.** *The Phoenix - Eastern Asian Mythologies.*
It's a card implying nobility and power. After last night's call with Brad and Matt and this morning's LinkedIn mail from Tabarek, it seems that my power is out there and visible for others to see.
**How Can I Effect Transformation?** I think that I can use that internal power that is being perceived to mould myself back into the best version of me that I can be.
**What needs to die for something to grow** I think that my attitude needs to change for me to grow again. Many of my insecurities and frustrations need to die on the Phoenix' pyre.
It feels like a nice card to pull today.
