# 2025-01-02

Back to the salt mine today. Almost wish that I hadn't gotten the day off yesterday. Don't get me wrong, I like that we got the house cleaned up and looking really nice. It's just that everything feels off when the day comes in the middle of the week.

## Notes

### Work Notes

I've been thinking about the next steps for me. Face it, someone, somewhere, is going to ask me what I see for myself in the next few years. Do I have a path in DECC? Do I have a path in the City? Where am I going to go and what do I want to do when I grow up? First, I'm not growing up. I may grow older, as Jimmy Buffet discussed. No, I don't see a viable path in DECC. If Destiny left tomorrow, I would assume control of the CAD because it's expected, but I would never be a permanent replacement. The job is a step backwards for me. If Walt left, I won't apply for that position either. I've been told no enough to get the hint. The fates has made it clear that is not to be my position. DECC won't get a data scientist position before OPA or ITS. So that leaves me only viable pathways in the City, not in DECC specifically. In those cases, I might not work on DECC projects. Granted, I think that either Greg or Vanetta would certainly be willing to allow me to work on DECC projects, but I wouldn't be exclusive to the PSAP. I can see several pathways opening in the private sector and possibly in academia. However, the pay has to be great to allow me to make those viable. Plus, I don't want to give up my work in NENA. So, wherever I go, they have to support my ambition. 

### Personal Notes

We need to get to town to finish drying the laundry. Also should get by the library to get Ellen her next run of books. I should do the same thing. Might even take one of the books to Florida with me. I am looking forward to the trip because I am starting to view it as a "coming out party" where I can be present.

### Card of the Day

***2 of Wands*** *Janus - Roman Mythology*
He's the God of the future and of the past, simultaneously as he looks both directions at once. He's also the God of doorways and passages. For this deck, he symbolises planning, travel, and thresholds. Well, I do have travel coming up in a few days since I'm headed to Florida for another NENA conference. I've also already mentioned that I see this as an event where I am coming into my own as someone in the industry. The questions for this card:
**What do I plan to accomplish?** I would like to really focus on making these reports better and using that as a springboard into more meaningful work in the industry.
**What exciting challenges do I face?** I think the biggest challenges will come from presenting my ideas to the public and seeing the reactions that come from them.
**Do I need to travel to find more opportunities?** I don't know that all the travel will be physical, but I do know that I'm starting a new journey.

### To-Do Lists

-[X] Get laundry dried
-[X] Monthly Reports
-[X] Work on new version of report for next week
-[ ] Start sketching the next blog post
