# 2025-02-03

-[X] Follow up with Karl on the outstanding info for backups.
-[X] Weekly Reports
-[X] Monthly Reports
-[X] Finish the TimeStamp query
-[X] Toastmasters Meeting
-[ ] Continue work on a blog post foreshadowing both research and presentation idea, *It's About Time*
-[X] Correct errors for the last blog post
~~-[ ] Pull a card for today~~
-[ ] Sketch out a mood log template for Foam.
-[X] Expungement requests for APD
-[ ] Work on the COOP document for Walt. **This has to be completed by Friday**
-[X] Replace front tires on the small carts

## Notes

Two sets of reports due today. I might delay the monthly reports to tomorrow.

**Call Proc WG:** We're going to publish the final updates for Phase 1 as v1 of the new standard and then submit an ISF and Charter for v2 and make that a new version with the data aggregation and investigation. This will be another working group leader role for me. I'm excited, however, to start working on either validating or invalidating the adoption of the NFPA standard.

### Follow ups from list

**Karl** - He's going to send information to Andrew to get management blessing first
**Expungement** - I've completed the 6 requests that were sent from APD
**Weekly Reports** - Those have been completed and emailed.
**Monthly Reports** - The report spreadsheets have been updated for 2025. These have been completed and distributed.
**TimeStamp** - The query has been completed and the output csv file has been saved to Google Drive to use with DuckDb
**Toastmasters** - Good meeting even with the computer issues. I've got my review from Caitlin and updated Base Camp.

### Personal Notes

I was able to fix the Linux issue. I switched my default browser and that fixes that. I'm happy to find that was the issue and I have a way to work around it so I can go back to using my Linux machine as a dev machine and work with GitHub.

I finished updating my CV and I put it on the website. I will activate the link tomorrow when I update the site with more information.
