# 2024-12-30

## General Notes

I need to start a habit of this being the first thing I do rather than reading news articles and checking my email. This will enable me to have a better idea of what I need to do and where to start getting it done at.

### Work Notes

Got the set up completed for the reports. Fairly quiet weekend. The goal for today, after the weekly reports, as they are, is to get back on track with the daily reports for the CSAs.
I saw a Medium article this morning about trends in AI for 2025 and I started thinking ahead to CIF in a few weeks. There are going to be many many vendors present at this wanting to hawk their wares, touting their AI prowess. I know that I will be inextricably tied to AI because of my data science background, but I also know that I get 25 to 30 papers a week on AI in various places and I read only a handful of them. If this is the case for me, then I know that someone without the background is going to be overwhelmed. What are the concrete promises that you're making and how does your product deliver those at scale in a production environment?
I also, in preparation for tonight's discussion with Brad and Matt downloaded and started reviewing [[NENA-REF-001-2003_PSAP_Staff]] and how it is designed to be used after over 20 years in existence.
Good discussion with Bran and Matt. I need to create a list of terms with definitions for SBP.

- Queue
- Server
- Agent
- Abandon
- Balk
- Erlang-C
- Erlang-A

I think that's a good starting point. We will also need to list the assumptions that accompany Erlang A and Erlang C models. I also should look at Erlang S and Erlang X models to see how they differ and if they can be used more successfully than C.

### Personal Notes

### Card of the Day

4 of Wands: A card talking about enjoying your success while preparing for the next challenge. I agree that I don't take enough time to enjoy my accomplishments. I've not only completed a Ph.D. and become an expert in several fields, I've also become, in spite of myself, a decent mechanic and might become, if I allow myself, a pretty decent electrician over time. I know that I have several challenges coming ahead of me. However, I should look at those in a better light.

### To Do List


[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[NENA-REF-001-2003_PSAP_Staff]: NENA-REF-001-2003_PSAP_Staff.md "NENA-REF-001-2003_PSAP_Staff"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"