# 2025-03-01

The day started well. However, the car has become a problem yet again. Ellen thinks that we have a blown head gasket. The frustration is feeling that every time I touch the car, it gets worse. If it is the head gasket then we've had that for a while. I understand, intellectually, that she's right. It's all a matter of working my way through the checklist. It's just frustrating.

I think the part that is the biggest difference between Ellen and I is that I never wanted to be a mechanic. I might be improving and feeling like I'm starting to get it, but that doesn't mean that I want to do this. If I wanted to be a mechanic, I would have taken shop classes in high school and would still be somewhere in KC working as a mechanic and happy about it.

Another day, another Destiny email. This one wanting to know if anyone else knew anything about the internet at Mill Rd. I recommended she check with the networking on call person. Apparently, she claims she did, but never heard back from anyone. Turns out, it wasn't an internet outage, but it was an issue with Microsoft Office.

Yesterday, I was so apalled by the scene in the Oval Office and not hearing anything from my congress critter, I wrote the following:

Congressman Wittman,

I watched with shock and horror as the President and Vice-President both embarrassed the United States in the Oval Office. To see the depths to which the party of Lincoln, Theodore Roosevelt, and Reagan has fallen is truly embarrassing. On February 28, 2025, the United States officially lost the Cold War and bent a knee to a former Soviet KGB officer. Neither Iosef Vissarionovich Dzhugashvili (Stalin) nor Mao Tse Tung could have done better. In the shortest of spans, the current administration has proven to all of our historical allies that we are now the enemy. We are now a rogue state in league with dictators and tyrants. Our allies can no longer rely on us or even trust us.

I have yet to hear any statement from you that condemns the damage done by this administration. I have not seen you complain when an unelected billionaire plays with our government like it's a toy while the President sits and applauds like a toddler watching his favorite cartoon. Instead, I've watched you abandon EVERY conservative principle to curry favor with an executive who has surrendered all of the nation's moral authority to a former communist spy. I wish that I could expect better of you. You have the education to understand the damage that is being done to the United States both domestically and internationally. However, you appear to not possess the  moral turpitude to do the right thing, to defend your professed conservative values, and to defend what I believe are American values. You have abrogated your oath of office and are still supporting someone giving aid and comfort to a man who has expressed the desire to see this country destroyed because we represented everything that he despises. We have been, since World War II, the bulwark of the rights of people and, as Reagan quoted John Winthrop, the "shining city upon a hill" that served as a beacon of hope and liberty for a beleaguered world.

I believe you should be ashamed to face your constituents and that is, perhaps, why you've closed your offices, moved mobile office hours to times when most cannot even discuss these or other issues with you, and that you hide from anyone critical of your capitulation. You're too afraid to engage in a discussion with any constituent who does not share your desire to please and placate the White House. You must earn the dignity which comes with being one of 435 of the people's representatives in what, until recently, had been the most powerful legislative body in the world. Now, it's a sad cheering section to a man who wishes to be a tyrant on the order of Vladimir Valdimirovich Putin', Xi Jiping, and Kim Jong Un.

To say that this constituent is disappointed in you stretches the definition of disappointment to the breaking point. I'm saddened by your lack of conviction and your abrogation of your responsibility to stand up and denounce what we saw yesterday. You have become an enabler to this spectacle. It may take generations to undo the damage that this administration has caused in barely six weeks.

I would love an opportunity to have a conversation with you about this. I would like to be convinced that you really believe in America and the ideals which our founding fathers wrote down when they tried to build this nation. We all have a lot of work to do to realize Winthrop's "shining city", but we cannot do it as long as you're willing to swallow your pride and courage in order to preserve your position in Congress by bending a knee to the Kremlin. I also know that I will not get that chance. You have not demonstrated the courage to have conversations with those who disagree with you, so I will get a form letter sent by a beleaguered staff member who will file this with all the other messages that disagree with you.

May your soul find peace with your decisions and may you truly earn what you deserve.

Tony Dunsworth Ph.D.
