# 2025-03-03

Today looks like a busy day. Weekly reports, monthly if I can get to them. I also have Microsoft AI training today and tomorrow. Wortly and Toastmasters this evening.

After discussing it with Ellen, I think it's best to withdraw from the Cut Score workshop at CompTIA. As much as I would love to go and Ellen knows that I enjoy it, the times are too tight. I could give up my graduation, but honeslty, I don't want to. I didn't walk for either of the WGU degrees. I took part virtually for the Masters. I want to wear the robe and get achknowledged for what I've accomplished. I don't want to risk missing or being late to N's graduation either. This will be important to them and I think that's enough of a reason to not take any chances. We can chill in ABQ for a week between them and maybe some time afterwards. As long as it doesn't impact Ellen's health too much. I love the area and it's nice to spend time with Tricia and the boys. Yes, I also like spending some time with Panda as well.

That reminds me that I need to refresh my chess game so I can give Sammy a run for his money.

Faerie broke my Microsoft keyboard. Well, good thing that I have a backup and can work with it. Otherwise, this would be a pain. Got the reports done and I am taking a course from Microsoft on deploying a custom AI Copilot solution. Could be interesting. I can't, however, use my own credit card for this, so I can't try this at home so to speak.

I finished my Monthly Reports as well, including re-writing my Mental Health call list to be more integrated. - Cats have their treats and I still have both hands. :laughing:
