# 2025-01-24

TODO List today:

-[X] Update Curtis and Walt on SBP and CIF
-[X] Expense Reports
-[X] Research adding code to Markdown files.

## Notes

Need to get all of the different TODOs done today. Will need to copy some of them over from my paper journal.

I took care of the expense report and the SBP/CIF updates. It's nice when it's quiet and I can get that taken care of.

Links for later: 
    - [pytemplate-uv](https://medium.com/@yuxuzi/revolutionize-python-development-with-pytemplate-uv-the-ultimate-project-generation-toolkit-3cc3a9da5280)
    - [pytemplate-uv_GH](https://github.com/yuxuzi/pytemplate-uv)
    - [FireDucks](https://fireducks-dev.github.io/)
    - [Pyforest_GitHub](https://github.com/8080labs/pyforest)
    - [Pyforest2](https://medium.com/@sujathamudadla1213/pyforest-python-library-feel-the-bliss-of-automated-imports-4ef9942bcd36)
    - [Fitter](https://medium.com/the-researchers-guide/finding-the-best-distribution-that-fits-your-data-using-pythons-fitter-library-319a5a0972e9)

### Other work notes

Destiny is out today. I guess she felt it was important to tell me. I know there was an open request to add a TRU officer to access CAD's WebRMS, but I don't have any confirmation that she's done it. Sicne it's not urgent, I'm going to leave it alone. If that becomes a problem, then that is for Walt to address to Destiny and my dog isn't in that fight. It is not critical at this point. I've noticed that Walt didn't respond to my notes from SBP. I'm guessing that he's likely not that interested in them, but that's ok. I still sent them out.

Note that Databricks bought out the creators of Bamboolib and it appears they may have pulled the product. I just found out that the product has been deprecated by Databricks. That's kind of shitty of them. However, they bought it, so they can break it.

Eventually when I get comfortable with Pyforest, I will add my other libraries to my dotfiles. Then I can shrink my [[snippets/setup.fish]] file accordingly.

### Personal notes

I think that I can get this together to have some fun with getting my environment setup. I also, next time I start up the Linux box, need to get Clang and LLVM installed and ready to rock. I have the list and they are all `sudo pacman -S` commands but one which is a `paru -S` command.

Thankfully, I had clang and all of it's dependencies installed already. I can't get Mojo installed yet, but I am working on it.

I was able, with a little assistance, to get mojo installed on this machine so I can start using it to experiment with AI and other ML projects. It is supposed t be significantly faster than Python.

