# 2025-02-18

## Work Notes

Started with a phone call from the floor. Destiny couldn't be located and WestNet was failing. Karl fixed that and then, together, we troubleshot the PowerPhone issues.

Got a Teams message from Destiny this morning asking me to look over two stations to figure out why, when she copied dlls over to the machines, they still don't work. I'm not a bloody dll whisperer.

Now, it's are you sure that everything between the production and reporting databases is working properly? Why, yes, yes it is working properly. Between 0 and 4 seconds. Well within prescribed parameters.

1215 hours: Email from the floor stating that they cannot run anything through VCIN unless they are using the VCIN dedicated terminal. The interface is not showing any issues. TCS is able to run queries and I'm seeing them populate through the interface. Got a really nice letter from Tiana. I've forwarded it to Curtis so he can put it in my file for anything in the future from Walt about teamwork. 

Got a call from Destiny later in the day asking me about a request from the SO to have a new user get access to CAD and to have admin access to it for auding purposes. She wasn't certain how to proceed, so I gave her the advice to check with Walt and if he signs off on it, then it's all good. She sounded like she just woke up for the day.

I heard from Walt late in the day. He wanted me to write up a bit of history for the CAD and then asked me to add my opinions. I know better. I believe, BTW, that he is passing my history off as his own work. That is, in my opinion, suicide. I gave him a relatively sedate response that will please everyone.

