# 2025-01-06

I didn't write much over the weekend. I need to get into the habit of ensuring that this is open every day in one of my machines and keep it up. It will do me much better when I get consistent with it.

## Work Notes

Destiny's computer is creating issues ***AGAIN*** which feels convenient since there's another weird issue with the CAD and now I have to stop what I'm doing to look into it because she's *"not able"* to look into it. This time, there's some undefined error with weather adjustments. Thankfully, this is not one of our custom powerline functions. This is a base function.
I am going to start documenting when Destiny is throwing things at me that are hers, but her computer is *"acting up"*. It's happening too frequently.

### Personal Notes

Need to find a Word-of-the-Day for tonight for Toastmasters.
I heard from Mary this morning asking me, hypothetically, if she wanted to see every service calls in the Commonwealth, how would she do it? Well, right now, you can't, but I could design a solution. [[Commonwealth Data Project]] could be an interesting exercise to use open-source free tools to build something out that could accomplish the task. I think I'm going to put notes together for it.
I have to ensure that I take my deck with me to Florida for this trip. I also need to leave the Casio watch behind. I don't want to lose it in Florida by accident, so the Wal-Mart watch comes with me and the Casio stays home.
Spoke to Karl and he's agreed to take me to a grocery store since I won't have a car. I'm actually glad that I won't have a car for this trip. It keeps me local and I don't feel that I've wasted money.

### Card of the Day

***The Empress III*** *Our Lady of Guadalupe - Mexico*
Traditionally, the Empress is a fertility figure as well as a maternal figure, bringing life, love, and steadfast protection to any situation. I find it interesting that the deck's creator uses the Marian figure from Mexico when any Marian figure would be appropriate here. She represents nurturing, feeling, and creation.
**How can I be more compassionate with myself?** Well, there's a question now isn't there? That appears to be the central question for me this year. One that I will strive to answer throughout the year and have a better outlook and mindset from the beginning.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[Commonwealth Data Project]: <Commonwealth Data Project.md> "Commonwealth Data Project"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
