# Dear Governor Youngkin

As a Virginian, I am urging you to sign critical legislation that expands access to contraceptives and safeguards sensitive health data. I believe these bills are consistent with the concepts of personal freedom that you espoused on the campaign trail and in your time as Governor of the Commonwealth.

**The Contraceptive Equity Act (HB2371 and SB780)** ensures that Virginians can access the contraception they need without restriction which is especially important to the citizens of Virginia. Ensuring that the citizens of the Commonwealth have access to contraception when needed serves several positive purposes for society. People are able to choose when to start or add to families, Women of the Commonwealth are able to make choices that support their health needs. Access to contraception choices also will reduce the rate of abortion in the state, which is one of your stated goals. Equal access to contraception choices also lowers the overall costs to taxpayers for medical services and programs like WIC.

**The Right to Contraception Act (SB1105 and HB1716)** protects the right to contraception in Virginia, no matter what happens at the federal level. The arguments for signing this legislation are the same as those for the previous legislation. The difference in this is that this ensures that our rights as citizens of the Commonwealth are protected from Federal intervention and abuse. You've been a proponent of guarding the citizens of the Commonwealth against the overreach of the Federal government. Nothing can be more fundamental than ensuring our rights to make personal health decisions that are protected from that same Federal overreach, regardless of the party in control of the branches of government.

**The Virginia Consumer Protection Act (SB754)** safeguards Virginians’ private health data from misuse, ensuring no one can be tracked or penalized for seeking reproductive care. With a new unregulated Federal agency now forcing their way through Federal databases without oversight, we can see, first hand, the dangers of our private health data being exposed. As a database administrator who has to control access to potential personally identifiable information (PII) and protected health information (PHI) in 911 service databases, I adamantly believe that my and my family's private health data needs to have greater insurance against misuse, fraud, and abuse by unregulated Federal actors. This bill is a good starting point to enshrine those protections and give citizens some peace of mind that the state's legislature takes this threat seriously. Nobody should ever be penalized or tracked for exercising their right to make medical decisions that are safe, legal, and the guidance of their personal physicians.

Each of these bills reflects what you have espoused as conservative values. I believe that these are all American values. The right of citizens to make their own informed health care choices and ensure that the records of those choices cannot be accessed by unregulated actors or used to track or penalize citizens for exercising them. Further, I believe, as an American value, that it's about time that women are treated the same as men in the pursuit of their health care choices. We should all, as Americans and Citizens of the Commonwealth of Virginia, expect the same treatment and protections from our government regardless.

A majority of Virginians believe in reproductive freedom and are against authoritarian policies limiting those freedoms.

As Governor of Virginia, it is your duty to listen to the will of the people, and not to political extremists. I ask that you sign these bills into law in order to protect our rights, our privacy, and our healthcare decisions.

Thank you,
Tony R Dunsworth, Ph.D.
